plaza guards 6 of our northern cities
had fallen in a coordinated attack their
leader fights alongside of which crush
these murderers your majesty every
family must contribute one man to fight
your war hero you've already made many
great sacrifices
my father cannot fight so I will take
his place
so northern invaders will kill her if I
expose how power all people will kill us
when we take the Imperial City I will
take revenge for my father what is your
name soldier
watch it commander so no Kajal you will
now take the oath of the warrior
release
[Music]
you will die pretending to be something
you're not
yet here I stand proof that there is a
place for people like us
a girl threatens our plants
a warrior
[Music]
[Applause]